Running a little behind today,
are we, Maggie?
Make sure he's happy,
and he's ready to go.
We need this to be airtight.
I need...
If we have lunch at 1:30,
we're just going to get drinks.
Mojitos.
And I need to know
that you know
on the 22nd of June.
- Where was I?
- Um, lunch.
- I'm past lunch. We're doing dinner.
- Dinner.
Do you know why
I called you in here?
Come around.
See what you did wrong?
I said,
Helvetica New Age Ultra Light!
Okay. Now go back around.
The other thing you did wrong
is you brought me, ah,
Waldorf salad when I asked
for a cobb salad. Okay?
I don't like cranberries.
I like hard boiled eggs.
Now get out of here.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- How you doing?
- Fine, I'm fine.
Okay. All right.
So I know it can be a little
much and sometimes overwhelming.
But, what did he say to you?
Um, he said he didn't
like the color of my font or...
- Okay. He's just really particular about it.
- Yeah.
So if you see here,
- you've got this whole color grid.
- Mm-hmm.
You're going to pick the marine
blue, and he likes cobalt.
- Okay.
- It's just he likes blue.
So, yeah.
- He didn't like my green.
- Yeah.
Um...
Maggie!
Maggie.
Don't forget
the Miller Meeting on Friday.
- I know.
- And I need the Keller production schedule by tonight.
Bye.
- Sorry. I'm late.
- I ordered for you.
Thank you.
- Urgh!
- This is a rare occurrence.
- I haven't seen you in months.
- I know.
It's been project after project,
and I've barely
had a moment to breathe.
And honestly, I don't know,
I'm a little burnt out.
Why don't you
take some time off?
- Right.
- Seriously, when was the last time you had a vacation?
I don't know.
I think, your wedding.
Four years ago.
Has it been that long?
Yes. Okay, okay.
Before that?
Uh...
I don't know. When I had
time off, I guess it was...
when we went skiing.
Six years ago.
- That's not good.
- Hey.
My friend Beth is opening
a new art gallery. Look.
- Cool.
- Look!
- Yeah.
- She's looking for artists.
So?
So you're an artist.
Jules, I don't show my art.
And I don't want more work.
Hello.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sure.
Yeah, I can get it, yeah.
Okay. Bye.
I hate to do this. I have to go.
I just got
a last-minute proposal.
- Please stay.
- There's a meeting in the morning.
- I got to go.
- Please.
I have to. I have to work.
Jules.
- Give me my phone.
- We're having dinner.
Jules, this isn't funny.
Give me my phone.
Give me my phone, Jules!
Give it. Let go of my phone!
It's my phone!
Not cool.
I will call you.
Hey.
Hey. Mags,
I got to tell you something.
What?
Okay. I'm really mad at you.
Like, I barely
see you for two months,
and then,
I finally see you, and you bail.
I'm sorry. I know it's bad.
Yeah, like, really bad,
like, you have no life.
Hang on, my Mom's calling me.
Um, I'll call you back, okay?
Mom?
Hi, honey.
Are you still working?
Yeah, of course.
Oh, honey, it's one a.m.
Mom, I know. Is... um, is everything okay?
Why are you calling so late?
I'm calling
about your grandfather.
He passed away
peacefully in his sleep.
I guess we were
expecting that, right?
Well, yeah, yeah.
Um, the good thing is...
he left without a lot of pain.
Good.
Are you okay?
Your father mentioned
that your grandfather left you
a cabin in his will.
Cabin?
Since when did he have a cabin?
He owned it with his brothers,
and they all died.
He was the last one.
You know,
I think he went up there
with his parents when
he was a kid that long ago.
It's up
in Rhinelander, Margaret.
Margaret, you really
should get some sleep.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
Yeah, you, too.
That's weird. I...
All right, I love you.
Oh, I love you, honey.
Hello.
Hey. Um...
Can we talk tomorrow?
Yeah, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah. I mean, my,
um, my grandfather passed away.
Oh, Mags. Are you okay?
Yeah. Um...
It was expected. So I mean...
it's just weird, you know?
Ah, listen.
I have to get back to work.
So I'm sorry about earlier.
Um, but I'll,
I'll call you tomorrow.
I'm coming over.
No. No.
Julie?
I brought Kringle.
Devin's coming over.
He had a late shift at work.
You know, I'm really fine.
I mean, my grandfather hasn't
been doing well for months, so...
Like, of course,
we would be there for you.
Yeah, well, I haven't
exactly been there for you lately.
Hello. You're my best friend.
No!
Oh, he's here.
She's in the bedroom.
Hey, there, stranger.
Hey, there.
I forgot. You work late like me.
You still work
for that Devil boss?
Mags likes to be tortured,
I guess.
I don't like to be tortured.
I like to work.
And I'm working
toward a promotion.
Didn't you say that a year ago?
Did I?
Mags got...
- a cabin in the woods from her grandpa.
- Where is it?
Rhinelander.
I didn't even
know he had a cabin.
It's pretty up there.
There's lots of pine trees.
It's scary up there,
lots of guns.
Scary? What.
We should go.
Yeah, like, I don't mind guns.
It would be fun.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't have time
to go anywhere.
No, let's just go. You need
time off. We'll go this weekend.
You need a weekend off.
Mags.
Please, please, please, please!
Okay, okay, okay.
If I say yes...
will the two of you
please leave my house?
Okay. Fine. Yes.
- Yay!
- You know what I'm talking about.
- Sir.
Your wife called.
- Ah, to remind you about the recital tonight.
- Ah.
Oh! All right.
Sure. Sure.
That's for my ratty nephew.
His parents think he can sing.
He can't.
Uh, here are...
the proposals for the...
Weber deal, Keller deal
and the e-Founders deal.
Fine, just don't forget
the Jettison Engines group.
You know you,
always forgetting things.
You'd think after four years,
you'd remember the fine details.
Six.
- Six what?
- Six years. I've worked here for six years.
- Four, six, does it really matter?
- Not really.
It looks like you left
the taxes out on this one.
Okay, I'll take care of that.
Sir, I have a quick question.
What?
My grandfather died.
Is that a question?
No, it's just...
I was just hoping that
I could take the weekend off.
Well, we have
four proposals due,
and I have the golf
tournament on Saturday.
It's Friday, Maggie.
I know. It's just...
I haven't had time off
in, like, four years so...
Maggie.
People die all the time.
It's life. Life happens.
But you can't let it slow
you down. You keep going,
otherwise, how would we
get any work done around here?
Let's be honest and certainly if
your job matters to you at all,
you'll keep with
the manifesto of this company.
You can work hard,
but you can always work harder.
Yeah.
Now I expect these proposals,
and...
I need you to be
available during the tournament.
I got to be able to ask you
any question about anybody,
because honestly,
you're the only one that knows.
I'm horrible with names
and faces. You know that.
Maggie...
I'm so sorry for your loss...
but this train keeps moving.
And I know you want
to be on that train, right?
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah. Yeah, I mean,
I... I get it.
I'll, um...
do the proposals. I'll be
available during the tournament,
and, um, yeah,
we'll get it done.
Good. So you hear me?
- Yeah.
- You're sure you hear me?
Right?
You're not deaf, right?
No, I'm not deaf. I hear you.
Good.
I know you're working
towards that promotion.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yep.
- I have been, yeah.
- Yeah!
- Yeah! Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, let's get it.
- Okay.
- Let's get it.
Okay.
Bye.
- Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
You know we're
going camping, right?
What?
Are
you excited about vacation?
- Kind of.
- What?
I still have to work.
Um, there's just too much
going on this weekend.
Ugh. Okay, we'll...
We get to hang out together,
and I made us a playlist!
- Enyou.
- Enya?
- No, that's not right.
- Oh, my God. Watch out!
I'm sorry, we were listening to
En... we were listening to Enyou.
- Oh. Okay, do you need me to drive?
- No.
This way, you can work.
I have snacks. I licorice.
I have chocolate chips.
I have chips for nachos.
I have cleaning supplies
for the cabin. And look at this.
- Do you see this guy? Look at him.
- Yeah.
"Hi, I'm a gnome.
I'll be on your front yard."
Mwah. Love this guy.
Cheers.
Yeah. Yeah, uh-huh.
Coffee. I don't know.
For some reason, he likes it
when I make it, when I get it.
He doesn't like it
when other people get it.
Even though
it's the same coffee.
Yeah.
Just tell him.
No.
Hi.
Yes.
Um, I'm in a car.
I'm headed up North.
Yeah, I...
I told you. Yeah, I told you
I was going to do that.
No, I can. I totally can.
I'm not going to... I'm not
going to screw it up. I promise.
Before ten, I... I am a yes man.
Yes. Yes,
I am a yes man! Woo woo!
On that train. Yep.
Hey, don't you have to pee?
I don't have time to pee.
Oh!
- What was that?
- I don't know.
- Pull over there.
- All right.
- Weird.
- Yeah.
- See anything?
- No.
Is it an axle maybe? Or...
Oh.
Shoot, the tire blew.
- Oh, that blows.
- I don't know how to change a tire.
Well, I think I've
changed a tire before.
I mean, I don't...
like, I don't remember, but I...
- I think I've changed one.
- Okay, okay.
Well, just Google...
Google how to change a tire.
- There's no service.
- What?
- I'll try another location.
Okay, let's walk around.
What the hell?
- Arrgh!
- Anything?
No, dude, it's crazy.
Well...
I mean, I guess
we got to figure it out, right?
- Yeah. No.
- Can't be that hard, right?
- I'm going to go inside the Google in my mind.
- Okay.
Oh, oh!
I got one off.
- Mags?
- Yes?
Don't be mad.
Why would I?
Um. There's no spare tire.
Your husband has
a car without a spare tire?
Yeah. I don't know. We bought it
used. Maybe they, like, used it.
Jules.
Look at me.
Look at me!
Maggie. Maggie, I have an idea.
Why don't we just wait here
until someone comes along
to help us?
Someone comes along to help us?
We're been out here
for a half an hour,
and there hasn't
been a single car.
Why don't we just walk
back to the gas station?
No, Mags, that's scary. The gas
station is an hour away by car.
The next town's
ten miles that way.
Okay, we'll just stay here.
If we walk,
it's going to be dark
by the time we get anywhere.
You know have faith.
Good vibes.
Vibes?
I don't think vibes
are going to cut it, Jules.
I just think, you know,
we could... we could just
set the car up like we're
going to go camping, you know.
Just put the thing down,
and we could sleep here,
- you know?
- Someone is going to come.
Jules...
Oh, my goodness, I was right!
Hey!
Hey, friend, hey, friend,
hey, hey, friend.
- Hey.
- Hey, there.
- Oh, sorry.
- You girls all right out here?
No, we're not. We got a flat
tire, and we don't have a spare.
And we don't have
cell phone service.
Ah, yeah,
reception sucks out here.
About a mile up the road, it
comes back, but...
I told you.
Hey, can you give us
a ride to the next town?
Or maybe a gas station?
I can give you
a lift up to the motel,
but the gas station
is closed now.
Jack is the owner,
and he can help
you out with your car.
But he doesn't open
till seven a.m. tomorrow.
- You want a lift to the motel?
- Yes!
Oh. Okay. Well, grab your stuff,
and I'll take you.
- Thank you, you are a lifesaver.
- Oh, you bet.
Hey, do you think
it's a good idea?
Don't you think
we should just camp out?
Do you think this nice man's
going to murder us?
Hey, you girls hungry?
I got venison jerky.
- No, we have candy.
- Oh, okay.
- Open there.
- Oh, thank you.
- So what's your name?
- Uh.
I'm Julie. That's Mags.
I'm a graphic designer
and a wife. I throw clay.
Mags is this amazing painter,
but, yeah, she works
for this terrible guy.
He shall not be named.
We're both from Milwaukee.
We're going to go
see Mags' new cabin.
Her grandpa left it
for her in his will,
but that was really
surprising to her because,
honestly, she didn't
even know he had a cabin.
Ha! Well, it's nice to
meet you both. I'm Steve.
Um, I'm a local, I live about
20 miles up county road C.
Now the motel owner is June.
And her pop just passed away,
and she owns it now.
Lucky I ran into you now.
You can tell her Steve sent you.
Oh, that's really nice of you.
- Ah, Steve.
- Yeah?
Is there internet at the motel?
Ah! That's a good question.
I... I have no idea.
I know there's that
coffee shop that has a Wi-Fi,
but that's, like, 20 miles away.
And unfortunately,
I got to get home.
I can only take you
as far as the motel,
but June... June's
full of surprises.
She... she just might
have some Wi-Fi in there.
Thank you.
Maggie,
are you trying to get fired?
I knew I shouldn't
have let you go. I knew it.
It was my mistake, and now
you're messing up my life!
And my company's
going down the tubes with.
- Okay.
- He sounds mad.
Yeah, well,
at least I have service.
Hi, there. How can I help you?
- Hi.
- Hi. How can I help you?
We just got dropped off
by this guy, Steve.
Uh, we need a hotel
for the night.
Our tire blew up the road there.
- Your tire blew?
- Yeah.
Oh, that's rough.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Well, I can call
Jack Junior in the morning
to have him handle that for you.
What kind of tire do you need?
Um, we have a hatchback.
Hatchback, hatchback.
Well, I...
I don't know, but he will.
He has a whole service station
with all that kind of stuff,
uh, tires, oil.
- That would be dandy.
- Yep.
We need two rooms, please.
No, we just need
one room, two beds.
No, we need two rooms.
I have to work all night,
and I don't want to bother you.
So two rooms.
No, I don't care.
We came here together. We're
going to get one room, two beds.
Okay, yeah.
Um, for one night, uh,
one room. Oh, room one.
Um, it's the last one on
the end, and it will be $55.
Plus tax, which is three
dollars, so your total's $58.
Your name's June, right?
Yeah, I'm June.
Um, we didn't have dinner.
- So what do we do?
- Oh!
Oh, my God!
You guys are on an adventure.
Well, I do have
some snacks for sale, ah,
peanuts, seltzer water,
cinnamon rolls, stuff like that.
Oh! Um... Yeah,
I'll take all of this.
I mean, cinnamon rolls are
really good for dinner, right?
Yeah, they are.
And you know what?
I feel so bad for you guys that
I'm going to give
it to you wholesale.
Ten dollars even, plus tax.
Okay. Yep, that will cover it.
And you know, we're...
we're all closed up in five minutes. Um...
it's Bingo Night.
Last time I went, I won $500!
It was... it was totally
worth it. So I mean...
so I'll... I'll see you
in the morning for check out.
- Yeah. Thank you.
- Yes, we will.
- Yeah, you're welcome.
- Yeah, thanks.
So many snacks!
Yeah, night-night.
I'm going to eat you.
- Julie.
- You're really walking fast.
Jules, give me the key.
Heads up!
- What's happening?
- I don't know.
Weird.
Give me the bag. Thanks, Jules.
Hmm.
Hey, Mags.
Mags.
- What?
- Let's play a game.
Huh? No. I'm not playing
a game. I have to work.
Come on. Just play
while you type, come on!
Jules,
I'm not playing a game.
I want to get this done,
and I want to go to bed.
Eat something.
Eat this.
Come on, let's play.
What game?
Truth or dare.
What? Are we 11?
I pick... truth.
Truth. Okay, well, ah...
when I was dating Simon...
did you have a crush on him?
That was,
like, 15 years ago.
Okay.
He was English, and he was cute.
And he was really funny, and
I had very slight crush on him.
Whatever!
I thought you did.
Okay.
Truth or dare?
Um, truth.
Okay. Are you having fun?
I mean, what's fun?
Yeah, I'm having fun.
Okay. Dare.
Um...
I don't know.
Lick the lampshade.
Oh!
Oh. Ugh. Okay.
Ugh.
Gross.
Okay.
Truth or dare?
Dare?
Wait, what did I say?
Truth. I'm meant to say truth.
- Truth, right?
- It's too late. You said dare.
- Truth.
- You said dare.
- Well, I mean to say truth.
- You said dare!
- Jules, I meant to say truth.
- I dare you.
Take off your shirt and run around
the hotel, howling like a wolf.
No.
I have to work.
- I don't have time to do that, so.
- You said dare.
You said it. Do it!
Don't be a pussy, Mags.
Take it off, take it off.
Take off your shirt.
- I'm going to film it.
- Don't you dare!
Don't you dare film the dare.
If you do, just don't. Don't.
Mags,
the 1950s called.
They want their underwear back.
Shut up, Jules.
I like my shape wear.
You're going to get
so many hot guys with that.
Like I do anyway.
What if I go out there
and the owner sees me?
Come on, do the dare.
Jules.
Open the door.
Julie, this isn't funny,
open the door.
I can't.
It's not funny.
Jules, open the door.
- Jules. Open it.
- Mags.
I'm not trying to be funny.
This door won't open.
- What?
- I can't open it, try the other side.
Okay.
Jules, it's not opening.
Ah!
Jules, frick.
The owner's gone.
Her car is gone.
God damn it! Come on, Jules!
Okay. Okay, I have an idea.
I'll call a locksmith.
No, ah, I'll call the cops.
Okay, call the cops.
No.
Mags, there's no reception.
What?
Okay, I have Wi-Fi so
I can still email your work.
Mags, try the door again.
All right, oh, this is bad luck!
Try the door again.
My life...
is constant bad luck lately.
Mags, Mags,
the window's bolted shut.
Hey, Mags?
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
Can you email that last file?
Yeah.
- I did it.
- I feel like the universe is trying to tell me something.
Are you okay?
Hey, Mags?
Yeah.
I got... I got to
tell you something.
What?
I had another miscarriage.
Shit.
Jules, when?
Like, six months ago?
Why didn't you tell me?
I don't know. I never see you.
And when I do,
you're always working, and...
that's just not something that
you talk about at a coffee shop.
I'm so sorry.
Isn't that like the...
The... the third time.
We stopped trying. It's...
it's just not
in the cards for us.
I love you, Jules.
What?
I said I love you.
I know.
I just...
wanted to hear you say it again.
Morning.
Hm?
Good morning?
Huh?
Did you girls have a fight?
What?
Did you two have a fight...
a couple's fight?
What? No!
We're not lesbians.
We're best friends!
The door is stuck.
What the hell?
Oh, ow. Okay.
The door is open.
Oh, my God.
Oh, by the way,
Jack Junior is coming by soon
to pick you both up to help you
get your tire fixed.
Yeah, bingo sucked, eww.
It looks like you guys
had, ah, fun, though.
So...
Hello?
Hey, um.
Sorry, we... we had a wild night.
Yeah.
It looks like it.
I'll give you guys a minute.
Oh, okay. Thank you!
Thanks.
Mags. Hey, Mags.
- Come on, come on. We got to hurry.
- What?
- Hey, come on.
- Okay.
You can sleep in the car.
I will drive, okay?
You know, I got, like, some coffee and some
bagels in here in case you want to any.
I know, ah, June mentioned you didn't
really eat anything for dinner, so.
People like you are the reason
I love getting out of the city.
So, ah, where's your car?
Uhm, it's like
ten miles that way?
No, um, no, it's ten miles...
that way, I think.
- Okay. Okay, well.
- Yeah, yeah. It's that way.
We'll find it. We'll find it.
Jack, you're the best.
You just made my day!
I'm... I'm glad to hear it.
- I'm super glad to hear it.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that was fun.
Hoah!
It's this one. It's this one.
Jack, thank you so much.
I really appreciate
everything you did.
How much do we owe you?
Well...
for the ride...
coffee...
and the SUV tire,
I'm going to guess
you owe me right around like...
$500.
Excuse me?
Doesn't that seem
a little steep?
Woah, chill.
It costs what it costs.
I don't know
what to tell you. Like...
I mean, I had to travel
to the motel, and that's like...
that's like...
thirty miles?
I'm disappointed in you.
Jack. I'm disappointed
in you, Junior.
Okay, I'm starting to
think I should take back
all the nice things
I said about you but...
Well...
I sure hope you ladies get
to where you're going safely.
That was expensive, right?
I mean, he's such a nice guy.
A nice guy?
He took advantage.
That bagel
that you ate cost you $300.
Can you pull over?
Can you pull over
here for a second?
- We have service.
- Okay.
Hi.
Ah, finally!
The queen answers her phone.
Yeah, sorry. Um,
where we've been
the service has been really bad.
Did you get
those proposals last night?
Yeah, I got them.
They came in really late.
Told you I needed them by ten.
Had to wake up early
this morning
and do the corrections.
Now, listen!
I know you got a couple things going
on, but you also got a job to do.
If you're not up to the task,
you got to let me know.
I got like a mile of girls who
would kill to have your position.
Where I'm headed, um,
service should be much better.
Look, if you're
going through some midlife,
I-should've-had-a-baby crisis,
I get it.
But let me give it
to you real straight,
then I got to go.
You mess up one more time,
and you're out of here.
Comprende?
I'm...
I'm not midlife, sir.
But I guess that depends
on how long I'm going to live.
I don't have time for bullshit
or lady problems
or people dying.
I got to go.
Fore!
Okay.
You okay?
I'm fine.
- Mags, Mags. Look at the hitchhiker.
- Hm?
- We're going to help him.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'd just heard about
this thing where
somebody's asking for help,
and then you pull over.
And then, these traffickers jump out
of the bushes, and they kidnap you.
- Mags, you're watching too much news.
- Don't do it.
- Jules, don't do it.
- Look at her.
I got to help her.
Jules. I just
want to go to the cabin.
I'm not leaving her.
Can you roll your window down?
- Hi, hey. Where you headed?
- I need to find a bus station.
Okay, hop in.
- Can you unlock your door?
- Fine.
Hey.
This is... this is amazing.
Thank you for stopping.
No one was stopping.
- I've literally been out here, like, three hours.
- Wow.
This is Mags. We're going
to our cabin up north.
Great.
- What's going on?
- I got to pee.
What? Here?
No, in those woods over there.
- That's private property.
- Okay...
- I have to also.
- It's not a big deal.
- I really have to pee.
- Okay.
Mags!
Maggie!
Mags, no! Mags!
Oh, my God.
Get off my land!
No one pees on my land!
Mags! Mags!
Go! He has a gun! Go!
- What the hell?
- Go!
- Where's Alyssa?
Go! Go, go, go, go, go, go!
Oh, my God.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Shit!
- Alyssa's gone. She stole my purse.
- What?
- Alyssa's stole my shit and took off.
- How?
I fell asleep for,
like, a second
- while the two of you were supposed to be peeing.
- Oh.
We'll she's, ah, she's got to
be around here somewhere, okay?
- We'll just... we'll look for her.
- Okay, okay.
I almost got shot.
I know. I told you
it was private land.
I know.
I know, you're right.
- You always know everything.
- Yeah!
I do. I know things.
- I'm smart.
- You are.
Do you think she went this way?
- I...
- That way?
I don't...
I don't know. Maybe she...
Do we have to turn around?
I don't want to turn around.
- I... well, I don't want to...
- I don't want to go back.
I don't want to go back.
- But I need my purse!
- I know you need your purse!
- Oh, my God!
- Let's calm down!
We'll focus, and we'll find her.
Okay.
- Okay.
- I think we have to turn around.
Maybe if we go
from the other direction.
- Maybe he won't see us.
- Maybe she's just out there.
- Okay, let's look. Okay, you look over there.
- A-huh.
- I'll look here.
- Okay.
Okay.
- How long was I out?
- I don't know.
How long... it depends
on how long I was out.
If I was out a long time, she
could have gotten pretty far.
No, I don't think she went very
far. She had some pee anxiety.
- Is that her? Is that her?
- Where?
- You see the backpack?
- I see the backpack.
- You see?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Oh, my God. Okay.
- Jules, that might be her.
- Is that her?
- Let me see.
- Yeah, there she is. Okay. So, what's the plan?
- What, what's the plan?
Uh, ah, I'll come from the left.
You come from the right,
and we'll get her.
- Okay. You ready?
- Okay.
- Ready? Let's go.
- Sshhh, be quiet.
Where is my friend's stuff?
- It's in my bag.
- Where?
Why did you take it?
- Because!
- Because of why?
I need the money.
I don't have any money.
- Ah! You...
- I don't have any money.
You thief! That was not cool.
I need... I need money.
I left home, and I need
money to get back home.
Come on, come on.
It's okay.
Don't console her.
- Can't you see... She's desperate.
- She's a thief!
I don't care.
Let's take her
to the police station...
citizen's arrest.
Don't you think that
that is a bit extreme, Maggie?
She gave you your stuff back,
okay? It's just stuff.
Stuff? It's my stuff.
If she wants stuff, she needs
to go get her own stuff.
I'm sorry. I'm just...
I'm trying to get back to Saint Paul.
My mom lives there.
Hey.
- What's your story, Alyssa?
- Oh.
I went away
a year ago...
And I fell for this guy,
but he was bad.
And... and then
I got stuck in Chicago.
And... I made it this far.
- A real story?
- Yeah, I swear.
- She's lying.
- No, I'm not!
I'm just... I'm trying
to get back home.
- How old are you?
- Sixteen.
Sixteen?
Listen, I'm going
to get you a bus ticket...
and we're going to take
you to the bus station.
What?
Really?
Of course,
are you kidding?
We're going
to call your mom, too.
She's just a kid.
Fine.
But you shouldn't steal.
Didn't anyone ever
teach you that?
Horrible habit.
Okay.
- Now we go to the cabin.
- Finally.
All right.
Mags, is it...
- Is it there?
- I don't know. What's the map say?
I, there... this...
GPS doesn't go here.
Ah, there's,
like, a little sign.
Maybe that sign?
Yeah.
Oh, oh.
- Here.
- Yeah.
Ha.
- This is game farming.
- Game farming.
Okay, interesting.
Yeah, this is like...
rustic.
Overgrown, right?
Hashtag authentic.
Yeah, that's...
I mean, I...
I'd have to do some gardening.
This is nice.
Wow.
Mags, Mags,
look at the butterfly!
- Do you see it?
- Yeah.
Um...
I think my mom said
there was a hide-a-key
somewhere near the front door.
Do you think it has electricity?
I don't know. I... I didn't
even think about that.
Hello? Yeah.
What? No, yes.
Uh, what?
I, oh, I have to go.
I have to go. I have
to go back to the main road.
- There was better service there.
- Okay.
- I'll be... I'll be back.
- Okay. I'll start cleaning.
Where are you?
Why have you not
returned my texts?
There has been no communication.
You're incompetent,
and you don't return texts
or emails or calls,
or voicemails!
No!
Not cool! Not cool.
- Did you get those proposals?
- They're late.
Yeah, I know.
I know they were late. I know.
- You're incompetent.
- I get it.
I'm... I'm doing
the best I can here.
- Tomorrow, I want to take the day.
- The day?
- You can't...
- No, I'm not going to be available tomorrow.
I'm going to take the day.
I'm taking the day off.
I'm going to do it.
- I understand that you're not happy with it. I get it.
- No!
I get it.
Julie?
Hello?
Do not jump out and scare me.
Julie?
Julie!
I... I got to quit
the hardware store, George.
I got to. I just don't like the
direction the company is taking.
But you get
such a good discount.
I do, but they're selling toys now.
Hi! I... I didn't
mean to interrupt.
I'm just gathering wood.
- Oh, no problem. Uh...
- Yeah.
But where did you come from?
Yeah, we camp out here all the time.
We never run into anyone.
Oh, um, my friend
has a cabin up that way.
- Oh, no way.
- Well, I mean,
I'm George,
and this is my friend James.
Hi, I'm Julie.
Okay, well, have fun.
Yeah.
We definitely will, yeah.
You know, definitely.
Well, um, if you all feel like
joining us later, we'll be
having a really fun time.
Getting our own personal
rave going on out here.
Roasting marshmallows,
drinking a few cold beers.
- Have brewskis.
- Something like that, yeah.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Got to go.
- Bye.
Oh!
Get it off, get it off,
get it off, get it off!
- I don't think it's on you.
- It's on me. Is it on me?
- It's there.
- No, no.
You're fine.
You have the lights on.
Yeah. Lights, but
no toilet, no running water,
really nasty outhouse.
Well, I met some campers
in the woods,
and they invited us
to roast marshmallows.
Weird. What'd you say?
Um, I said yeah.
They seemed nice.
No, no. I'm going to bed.
No. By the way, why does
it smell like death in here?
Because... it does.
- Jules.
- Hm?
What are you doing?
- This is where I found the carcass.
- Human?
No, I wouldn't be here
if I found a dead body in here.
Gross! Burn it!
Burn everything.
There's no reception.
Jules...
- please go to bed.
- I'm not... I'm not tired.
That's because you slept
on a bed last night.
Please just go to bed.
Okay.
You go to bed...
and I'm going to read.
I will be so quiet.
I'll be
very, very quiet.
Mags?
What?
I want to tell you something.
Mags!
What? Jules, what?
What is happening?
Um...
I'm sorry that this trip
hasn't gone very well.
Yeah, yep.
We've barely
hung out in six years.
Really,
it's been that long, huh?
I'm really... I'm
really sorry about...
you and Devin,
what you guys are going through.
It sucks.
We'll be good.
I'm more worried about you.
Me? No.
No, tomorrow is a new day.
Yeah.
I... I want
to go to the castle.
I love you, Tris.
Hey, Mags.
- What are you doing?
- Sshhh.
Jules,
what is happening?
- It's probably just animals, or racoons or something.
- Sshhh!
It is not animals.
- They are talking.
- They're talking?
Would I be holding
this if I didn't hear talking?
Yes, you would.
- Okay.
- Let's...
No, there's no reception.
Does your grandpa
have a shotgun?
I don't
know if he has a shotgun.
Okay,
well, find something.
What
are you talking about?
Find a weapon.
You go.
I go?
- Should we just-
- Sshhh!
- Should we just answer it?
- I don't know.
Oh, shit.
Who is it?
It's the campers.
- The campers?
- It's the campers.
What are
you talking about, the campers?
The guys in the woods.
That's weird.
Did you hear the sirens?
Excuse me?
The sirens and the lights.
You know, at first, I thought
it was... aliens.
But then, it went away.
What happened? I thought
you were going to come join us?
Um, I, ah, I had to sleep.
Oh, well. We... we have
some great music playing.
And... and
there's a bonfire going.
They're coming! Oh!
Who's... who's coming?
You have to hide, man!
Get out of the light.
- Oh!
- He says they're coming.
What?
He says they're coming.
But, like...
they're high.
They're, like, super high.
Is that what this is?
Dude, it's safe under the light.
The ladies will protect us.
- Huh!
- You'll protect us, right?
Um...
Ah, yeah, yeah, guys.
You're all safe.
Everything's going to be fine.
You just need to go
back to your camp site.
Drink a lot of water.
Okay?
Oh, so you're a protector.
Oh, that's so lovely.
- You're so lovely.
- No, no. Don't do that.
- Don't do that.
- They're all over me, man!
They're over me, man!
What the fuck!
What, what! No, no, no!
No, no. I don't...
I don't want what you have.
Get them... get them... get them
off of me! Get them off of me!
Get them! What! They're aliens.
Stop it, aliens. Stop it!
Stop it! No, no!
They're in my pants.
They're in my...
Leave me alone! Why? Why?
We need to help them.
No, I want to go to bed.
No, no, no!
You need to drink these.
You need to go back
to your camp site.
You need to drink
a lot of water, okay?
You just need water.
- Thank you so much, protector.
- Yeah, you're so welcome.
I got something
I got to say to you.
I love your daughter, log.
And we're going to get married
whether you like it or not!
They're literally going to be eaten alive out there.
Why, that's fine. Like,
they've done tons of drugs and,
or LSD or ecstasy, I don't know.
Or something really hard core,
especially that one.
I can't leave them outside.
- I just...
- I'm a lost boy in the woods.
- I think it's so good we never did drugs, you know.
- Yeah.
George!
- I'm just going to help him back to his camp.
- No, what's the point?
- It's like herding cats, Jules.
- No, no, no, no.
Until they come down from it,
there's nothing that you can do.
Jules, there's no point.
They have to come
down from the high.
There's nothing that you can do.
- Okay, okay, okay. Okay, buddy.
- Come here.
- Jules.
You have to let
them come down from it.
- He's not going to come to you.
- Now we're going to be eaten! Damn it!
Hey. Hey, I love you.
I have love for you in my heart.
I have love, peace
and blessings to you, buddy.
- That will help.
- Ssshhh. I love you, buddy.
I got the matches buddy for you.
Take that! Take that!
Oh, my God!
- Okay. I'm calling the cops.
- You're safe, George.
You're safe, buddy.
I've got you.
- Okay, all right.
- Yeah.
Okay, guys.
You're done. It's all done.
I'm going to go up the road
so I can call them.
- Yeah, good idea.
- Hey, I'm coming inside. Let me in.
- Can I come in? Aw!
- No!
George, I'm hit! I'm hit,
George, George, George, George.
George, buddy. Get a medic!
- Get a medic!
- Get out!
Go!
It hurts!
I don't want... I don't want to
be like this anymore, George.
I don't want to be like this.
- Please, make it stop.
- It's okay. It's all okay.
Can you just make it stop?
I just... make it stop.
Go. You just go.
You just go back to your camp.
I just want to go to bed.
My face is wet from the water,
not from my tears.
I just want to go to bed.
No,
I'm just an animal now.
I just live here in the woods
with the other animals.
That's what I... I'm just rotten.
I'm just a filthy animal.
I didn't mean it.
I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to go space.
I'm sure glad you called.
No telling
what might have happened.
Well, I need to go
check their campsite.
Where did you say it was?
Ah, it's
at that ridge over there.
I'm so glad that you came.
I was starting to think
that somebody was going to die.
- Of stupidity, most likely.
- Yeah.
Well, you have a safe night.
No, no, no,
don't leave without me!
Oh.
Why are all
your t-shirts rainbows,
- butterflies and unicorns?
- Are they?
Hey, I thought that you were
going to take the day off?
So did I.
And then I thought better of it.
Hey, I found out
why it's so stinky by the bed.
Why?
Mice, dead mice.
Five under the bed...
in the bed.
Ugh.
Gross.
I don't get it, Jules.
Why did my grandfather
leave me a cabin that's
old and stinky and gross
with acid dropping
campers nearby?
I don't know, Mags. Like, maybe
it's all he had to give you.
You know...
he thought you needed it
or that you would...
know how to bring life to it.
You know, that's what you do.
You come in and you make things beautiful.
- No.
- Yes! Look at your paintings.
I want to go home.
Hey, I have an idea.
Let's do one fun thing
before we go.
- Jules, I think I've had enough fun for a whole year.
- Okay.
Let's just... we'll
go for a hike, okay?
We'll get some fresh air and...
check out the scenery.
Let's just do
one fun thing before we go.
- Okay?
- Fine.
But I want coffee
and food first, okay?
Yeah.
All right.
- We'll go that way, okay?
- We're doing this.
This is nice.
Yeah.
You know, you were right.
We just needed to do
one good thing before we left.
- And I didn't bring my phone.
- Hey, Mags?
Yeah?
Can I ask you a question?
- Are you happy?
- Um...
honestly, I... I work so much,
I don't really think about it.
But you know me,
I mean, I love working.
I've always loved working.
I just... I don't know,
it's seems a little harder
than it has to be, you know.
Yeah, maybe it's
because of who you work for?
Hey, Mags.
Do you see that?
- What?
- Over there.
It's a little bunny.
I think he's stuck.
Mags, we got to help him.
No, no, no more helping things.
He's fine. He'll be fine.
I'm sure he'll get out.
He's on the other side
of the bank. He'll be fine.
No, I'm... I'm,
I'm going to go help him.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't want you to get stuck,
and I'm not going to come in
and save you from getting stuck.
Mags, I'm going to go help him.
- Jules, what are you doing?
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
I'm fine.
I am not coming in there.
You're stuck, aren't you?
No, I'm fine.
You're stuck, Jules!
I don't want
to come in the river.
I'm fine!
Mags, can you hurry? We...
We're running out of time.
Jules.
Jules, I told you
you'd get stuck.
Now, I'm going to get stuck.
Oh!
Jules, let's go back
to the cabin. I want to go home.
Just after we save him.
No. No.
No, this is...
this is irresponsibility.
This is crap, Jules.
Irresponsibility?
Are you freaking kidding me?
If it was up to you,
nobody would ever be
helped or... or anything.
The only person that
you care about is
your horrible insensitive,
perverted boss!
I care about
everyone and everything.
No. No, Mags. No, you don't.
Ever since you started
working for him, you've changed.
You're really different.
You're just a...
- What?
- Nothing.
What, Jules?
You're a horrible bitch!
You're angry all the time,
and you don't laugh anymore.
- And you're always...
- you're stressed out!
You're a completely
different person!
I am not!
That's ridiculous! Yeah?
Because I don't want to
wander into some random river
and save some stupid animal
that decided to get stuck
does not mean
I'm a horrible person.
You want to save everyone,
Jules. The whole freaking world.
Well, it doesn't work like that.
Sometimes, people need to buckle
down, and they need to get shit done.
And they need
to help themselves.
That's him talking.
That's not you!
Him?
Your boss!
Don't you see ever since
you started working with him,
you're life's been
a total shit show.
And now, you're just
this insensitive bitch
that doesn't even like anyone!
You don't even like yourself.
Fine.
I never should have done
this trip with you.
Thanks for telling me
what you really think.
No, you don't get off like that!
I am right,
and you know that I'm right!
That's why you're so mad
because it's the truth.
Wake up, Mags!
No! No!
Stop it!
Stop!
Jules.
You're right.
I've been a miserable bitch.
I worked so hard for six years.
I'm not married.
And...
I'm so stressed out
all the time.
And I don't even have any kids.
And I don't even want any kids!
You know what...
- let's go save him.
- Okay.
Let's go save this animal.
Okay? Okay.
- Come on. Come on.
- Okay.
Hurry up! Come on!
Come on, Maggie.
Maggie, let's go.
Step on it.
Gerald, hi!
Hey. Hi, Gerald!
- Maggie and Allen.
- We're here.
Oh.
Your wife called.
So?
I hope you're working late tonight
to make up for this weekend.
Yeah, I am.
Don't forget to lock up.
I always do.
Oh, ah, I forgot about this one.
I need you to read it tonight and
brief me on it in the morning, okay?
Hey.
It's really nice
to see you working so hard.
We missed you around here.
Can't afford to have you
taking that much time off, okay?
Keep working.
Ugh.
No, no, no, no.
No! No! No!
So, as I was saying,
I think we definitely need to
invest in marketing in that area.
Why? Well, because the market...
is not being
targeted in that area.
What area? Well, Boston.
Yeah.
You already target Boston?
Yeah, I know that.
That's because...
When I say Boston, I mean
the entire Eastern seaboard.
See, your public is...
currently residing
all up and down the coast,
and nobody's
targeting them correctly.
Right, people
aren't doing their job.
Um, so what I would say
is we'll get you a proposal
tomorrow. Sound good?
Right, good.
Well, thanks. We're going
to get you that right away
tomorrow, first thing.
All right, buddy.
Okay! You're the man now, okay.
Well...
this can't happen.
Okay? This can't happen!
You know why?
Because this doesn't happen.
That didn't happen.
And soon,
you won't be happening.
Right?
Why?
Incompetence,
that's a good reason why.
But before incompetence,
I will go to where were you?
Where have you been?
You don't answer your phone!
You don't return my texts.
What do you need me
to send you a trolley?
You need me to send
a telegram to you?
What does it take
to get through to you?
I'm on a call
with the biggest CFO
in the freaking Eastern coast
and nobody is here
to give me the notes
that I asked for last night!
Where were...
just get out of here.
Get out! Go to your little desk
because you obviously
don't have what it takes
to make it to the big office!
You know...
I can't even tell you
what was going through my mind.
I can't do this.
People are incompetent.
No company lunches...
Pay for your guys' phones.
You don't answer them.
God damn it!
Make me sound incompetent.
You're crazy.
You are...
I can't rely on anybody...
except myself.
What the hell?
Stop calling.
Oh, my gosh.
No!
- Can I get you anything?
- No.
- Water?
- No. I just... I'm here.
I'm going to say something.
Then I'm going to go.
Okay.
Okay, this isn't easy for me.
We've...
I've always felt like
we've been such good friends
and, like, I can
tell you anything,
like, you can tell me anything.
And sometimes,
I got to let you figure things
out, just like you do with me.
- Yeah, right.
- Okay.
Do you remember when
I dated that guy, Jeff?
- Yeah. That was, like, ten years ago.
- Yeah.
I was, like, young
and naive and...
When I was with him,
I was sick all the time.
Like, I always had a cold
or the flu, do you remember?
Yeah.
Okay, do you remember
when I had that car accident?
Of course, yeah.
So right before
I got in that car accident...
Jeff and I got
in a horrible fight.
Like, he said some things
to me that were really...
cruel.
Like, he was bad.
Like, I could have died.
I know.
Okay, well...
after the car accident, I realized
that every time these things happened,
it was always after
I had had a conversation
with Jeff or been around Jeff
or been on the phone with him.
It was him.
It wasn't me.
It was...
him or me with
somebody like him.
Okay.
You have been
with this boss for six years,
and ever since
you've been with him,
literally,
one, two weeks into it,
you started to change like you
became unhappy and distracted.
Do you remember
when you cut your hand?
Sure.
You had just had a phone
conversation with him
where he told you that you
messed up a project so badly
that he actually wondered
if you were retarded.
- He said that?
- Yeah.
Mags, he says stuff
like that to you all the time.
- He does?
- Yes, and you just take it.
I have never heard
you stand up for yourself
or defend your work or anything.
Okay, so my point is...
is that your boss is to you
what Jeff was to me...
bad.
And if we're going to keep being
friends, I need you to fix it.
I need you to handle it.
I know.
Jules.
Yeah.
You were right.
You're right.
I've been a miserable cow,
and I'm, uh,
I think I'm going to quit.
Hey, um...
I have an idea.
I'll... I'll drive
you for moral support.
Okay, good, yeah.
I'll, um, I'll meet you outside.
Okay. So, are you ready?
- I think so.
- What are you going to say?
I'm going to tell him
that I quit. That I'm done.
- Okay.
- What?
I just think that you should
tell them how you really feel.
- I'm proud of you.
- Well,
I mean, I haven't done it yet,
and I'm sweating like a pig.
And I didn't sleep
at all last night. So...
Hey, you're going to do great.
I'm right here.
I'm your getaway car.
Mags, don't cry.
All right.
Okay.
Why are you dressed so casual?
Is it casual Friday?
No.
What's going on? Are you
on your period or something?
No. I just... I wanted...
You got
the Harris proposal, right?
Yeah, sure.
Great.
Are you okay?
Yeah, totally.
Totally, I'm great.
Okay.
How'd it go?
- Great.
- What happened?
Um, well, I...
- I don't know.
- Maggie!
- What the hell?
- I tried.
I just... I couldn't do it.
And... and, you know what?
I can send it in an email.
- It will be easier.
- I knew it.
That's it.
We'll have to talk about it.
Hi, there.
I... I'm going to have to... I'm sorry.
I'm going to have to call you back.
Hi.
Mags here has something
she would like to tell you.
And who are you?
You don't want to know.
Mags?
Mags would like to
tell you that she's quitting.
Right, Mags?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
I, um, I'm done.
I've decided to quit.
So I'm quitting.
And she would also like to tell you
that you are a very horrible person,
a very mean boss and that
you should work on that.
Right, Mags?
Yeah. Yes.
You need to work on your
people skills. Yeah.
What goes around comes around.
And you have
a very bad vibes, man.
Okay. Mags also wants to
tell you some other things.
What... What? I don't know,
it's just... yeah, that's it.
Yeah, I quit. I'm good.
I... that's... that's it.
Wow. So, you needed to
bring in your lesbian friend
to help you with this?
Yeah, you know,
see that's what he does.
He sort of... I don't know,
makes those little jabs
to make someone feel like a
little piece of... you know what.
You know what? You're
the piece of you know what.
You're horrible.
You're horrible!
You're horrible
to the women in this office.
You... you... you treat
your wife like crap,
and she's like the sweetest,
most beautiful person.
God! You know,
and I hate this plant.
- I hate it.
- She hates it.
I hate it so much. I'm so sick
of looking at that stupid plant.
And I'm so... I don't know,
like, I just wish
people like you
would be put away
so you can't infect
the world with your cruelty
and your sarcasm.
- And I deserved a promotion.
- She deserved a promotion.
I did.
I worked nights,
I work weekends.
I barely saw my friends.
And you...
you didn't even
let me go see my grandfather...
when he was in hospice.
You are so fired.
I quit first.
I quit...
first, asshole!
Don't you get it?
What is wrong with you?
Oh, my God. And I don't
even care that there's, like,
a million women who are waiting
in the wings to take my job.
And I wish I could go on
the nightly news and talk about
what a sleaze bag you are,
and maybe, I don't know.
Maybe I should do that.
And maybe I should
tell your wife all of the...
horrible things that you've done
that she doesn't know about.
You threatening me?
I'll call the cops.
No. No.
You don't get to do that.
I think it's called...
blackmail.
I know so much about you.
You have no idea what I know.
I think he knows.
What do you know?
Everything.
I'll put it
all over social media.
Every girl you screwed
on a work vacation.
Every client
you destroyed
when you got off the...
what are you doing? Stop it.
Every client you destroyed when
you got off the phone with them.
How about all the money
you stole from the company
that the accountant
doesn't even know about?
I could destroy you...
stop it, Jules. I'm not done.
- You're not... you're done.
- All of it.
I could destroy you and
your company in one day, man.
I'm serious. One day.
I see you! Jules, I'm not done.
- You're done.
- I have more to say to him. Why are you pulling me?
I can see you.
I see you in there.
Your smog, horrible face.
I hate that face. I hate it!
Jules! Jules?
Oh, guys. You hear me?
You don't put up with
any bullshit from him, okay?
You call Mr. Levine,
he's an amazing attorney.
His number's 1-800-444-HELP!
Show's over. Go back to work.
What?
- That was...
- So good!
I mean, that was so good.
- That felt so good.
- I don't think you needed to blackmail him.
Well, you know,
I mean that just came out
in the heat of the moment.
I mean...
- I get it.
- Yeah.
Ah, I should do
that more often, right?
Mr. Peters told me to tell you
to not forget to send
the Johnson report in.
Tell Mister Peters
to go fuck himself.
He also said that
your laptop is company property.
Holy shit, this guy!
- Yeah, he is...
- Such a... Oh, my...
Woah!
I keep expecting the... cops
- to, like, knock at my door.
- They won't.
You did it.
You went in there and...
stood up for yourself.
I did. Didn't I?
I kind of sunk
to his level though.
What?
I just...
keep thinking about when
you knocked that plant over.
That was so stupid.
Oh, my God.
Now what, Jules?
Whatever you want.
The world's yours.
I got to go.
We exploded it.
Yeah, girl.
This is good.
- It's not done.
- Yeah, but it's good.
I'm here...
whatever you need.
I know.
I love you, Jules.
Love you back.
That would be great.
Yeah, thank you.
Hello!
- Hello!
- You're here!
- It is going so well.
- I know.
It's pretty awesome, isn't it?
I've already sold
half of my paintings.
- I mean, of course, you have. Look at it.
- Oh, no.
You're so sweet.
- Oh, you see that one over there?
- Yeah.
Nobody's buying it
which is kind of the point.
I put sold sticker on it,
because I wanted
to give it to you.
- Want to go see it? Okay.
- Yes!
- To Maggie, the most badass girl that we know.
- Aw.
To Maggie,
here's to defeating evil
- before it kills you.
- Oh.
Well, thank you.
Cheers to all of us.
And of course,
this party is, of course,
for this which is very exciting.
But also, because
I decided to put you both
on the deed of the cabin.
- So this cabin is half yours.
- You did what?
It took a lot to get him here.
Yeah.
Hey!
- No, Maggie. I invited them.
- Why?
Everyone deserves
a second chance, Maggie.
Even them?
- Even you.
- Oh, even me?
All right.
We're clean, all right?
- I promise.
- All right.
Yeah, all right!
Okay. All right.
Hey. Thank you!